make money
How is that possible?
If that company can make money.
I can even sell it to you.
Miss Li, the young master said it was all true.
That company's new game has exploded.
The agent fee alone earned 2 billion.
Two billion.
There's no possibility.
This news is already in the news.
The missing person can also go to check.
How could that be?
So tell me.
I'd like to thank you.
If it wasn't for Miss Lee's generosity,
How can I buy a company that's worth more than $10 billion?
Right? Even if it's cheap for you to pick up?
New development area.
Our Li family has started to invest more than 4 billion yuan.
The future has developed.
Profits at least tens of billions
It's much better than your game company.
Haha, what are you laughing at?
I laughed at you stupid.
You put all the money in.
You guys wait for bankruptcy.
A fool is a fool.
You're jealous.
I'm jealous, don't you know the government's about to change?
The land you bought.
It's not going to grow for a few years.